DOC-674 | Subquery evaluation: Add to Incompatible changes (#557)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/3.12/release-notes/version-3.12/incompatible-changes-in-3-12.md

before the condition is evaluated. Only the subquery of the branch that is taken
effectively executes.

Similarly, when you use subqueries as sub-expressions that are combined with
logical `AND` or `OR`, the subqueries are now evaluated lazily.

If you rely on the previous behavior of v3.12.0 or older, you need to rewrite
affected AQL queries so that the subqueries are executed first.

For example, the following query with a subquery in the false branch of a ternary
operator only creates a new document if the condition evaluates to false from
v3.12.1 onward:

```aql
RETURN RAND() > 0.5 ? "yes" : (INSERT {} INTO coll RETURN "no")[0]
```

To restore the behavior of v3.12.0 and older where the subquery is always executed,
pull the subquery out of the ternary operator expression and save the result to
a variable, then use this variable where the subquery used to be:

```aql
LET tmp = (INSERT {} INTO coll RETURN "no")[0]
RETURN RAND() > 0.5 ? "yes" : tmp
```

This also applies to expressions that are combined with logical `AND` or `OR`.
A subquery to the right-hand side of an `AND` is effectively only executed if

> the expression to the left-hand side evaluates to `true`, and with an `OR`, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the expression to the left-hand side is truthy, and with an `OR`, the
```

> right-hand side is effectively only executed if the left-hand side evaluates to
> `false` from v3.12.1 onward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
right-hand side is effectively only executed if the left-hand side is falsy
from v3.12.1 onward.
```
